Avatar: The Way of Water
Sci-fi/Adventure
About
Jake Sully and Ney'tiri have formed a family and are doing everything to stay together. However, they must leave their home and explore the regions of Pandora. When an ancient threat resurfaces, Jake must fight a difficult war against the humans.
Release date: December 16, 2022 (USA)
Director: James Cameron
Languages: Tamil, English
Run time: 3h 10m

Vaathi
Action
About
Vaathi is an upcoming Indian period coming-of-age action drama film written and directed by Venky Atluri.
It is shot simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu languages, 
the latter titled as Sir. 
Produced by Sithara Entertainments and Fortune Four Cinemas, 
the film stars Dhanush and Samyuktha Menon
Release date: December 2, 2022 (India)
Director: Venky Atluri
Languages: Tamil, Telugu
Run time: 2h 10m

Varisu
Action
About
Varisu is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language drama 
film directed by Vamshi Paidipally who wrote it with Hari and Ashishor Solomon.
Produced by Dil Raju and Sirish under Sri Venkateswara Creations, 
the film stars Vijay and Rashmika Mandanna. 
Principal photography began in April 2022 in Chennai.
Initial release: January 12, 2023
Director: Vamshi Paidipally
Language: Tamil
Run time: 2h 40m

Thunivu
Action
About
A masterminded man creates plan and over goes many Bank heist with his wise team,
but their motive is mystery.
Director: H. Vinoth
Language: Tamil
Run time: 2h 40m

Black Panther: Wakanda Forever
Action/Adventure
About
Queen Ramonda, Shuri, M'Baku, 
Okoye and the Dora Milaje fight to protect their nation from intervening world powers in the wake of King T'Challa's death. 
As the Wakandans strive to embrace their next chapter, 
the heroes must band together with Nakia and Everett Ross to forge a new path for their beloved kingdom.
Release date: November 11, 2022 (USA)
Director: Ryan Coogler
Language: English
Run time: 2h 40m


Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom
2023 ‧ Action/Fantasy
About
Aquaman forges an uneasy alliance with an unlikely ally in a bid to save Atlantis and the rest of the planet.
Release date: December 25, 2023 (USA)
Director: James Wan


The Flash
Action/Fantasy
About
The Flash travels through time to prevent the murder of his mother, but unwittingly causes changes that result in the creation of a multiverse.
Release date: June 23, 2023 (USA)
Director: Andrés Muschietti

Maaveeran
Action
About
Maaveeran (aka Maveeran) is a Tamil action movie written and directed by Madonne Ashwin of 'Mandela' fame. The movie features Sivakarthikeyan in the lead role while Aditi Shankar and Mysskin are alos the part of the movie. The movie is produced by Arun Viswa under the banner Shanthi Talkies.
Director : Madonna Ashwin

Jailer
About
Jailer is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language action comedy film written and directed by Nelson, and produced by Kalanithi Maran of Sun Pictures. The film stars Rajinikanth, with Shiva Rajkumar, Vasanth Ravi, Yogi Babu, Ramya Krishnan and Vinayakan in supporting roles. Wikipedia
Initial release: 2023
Director: Nelson Dilipkumar

indian 2
About
Indian 2 is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language vigilante action film directed by S. Shankar. It is intended to be the sequel to his 1996 film Indian. Produced by Lyca Productions and Red Giant Movies, the film stars Kamal Haasan reprising his role of Senapathy from the predecessor. Wikipedia
Initial release: 2022
Director: S. Shankar
Language: Tamil

Vaadivaasal
About
Vaadivaasal is a Tamil movie starring Suriya Sivakumar in prominent role. It is an drama directed by Vetrimaaran with G. V. Prakash Kumar as musician, forming part of the crew. If you are a representative of the production house, please share the details of the film with [email protected]
Director: Vetrimaaran

Captain Miller
Director: Arun Matheswaran

Black adam
Action/Fantasy 
About
In ancient Kahndaq, Teth Adam was bestowed the almighty powers of the gods. After using these powers for vengeance, he was imprisoned, becoming Black Adam. Nearly 5,000 years have passed, and Black Adam has gone from man to myth to legend. Now free, his unique form of justice, born out of rage, is challenged by modern-day heroes who form the Justice Society: Hawkman, Dr. Fate, Atom Smasher and Cyclone.
Release date: October 2022 (Canada)
Director: Jaume Collet-Serra
Language: English

Ponniyin Selvan: I
2022 ‧ Drama/Action ‧ 2h 50m
Vandiyathevan sets out to cross the Chola land to deliver a message from the crown prince Aditha Karikalan. Meanwhile, Kundavai attempts to establish political peace as vassals and petty chieftains plot against the throne.
Release date: September 30, 2022 (India)
Director: Mani Ratnam

Vikram
2022 ‧ Action/Mystery ‧ 2h 53m
A special agent investigates a murder committed by a masked group of serial killers. However, a tangled maze of clues soon leads him to the drug kingpin of Chennai.
Initial release: June 3, 2022
Director: Lokesh Kanagaraj

Cobra
2022 ‧ Mystery/Crime ‧ 3h 3m
Cobra is a 2022 Indian Tamil-language psychological action thriller film written and directed by R. Ajay Gnanamuthu and produced by S. S. Lalit Kumar, under the banner 7 Screen Studio. The film stars Vikram in double role alongside Irfan Pathan, Srinidhi Shetty, Roshan Mathew, K. S. Wikipedia
Release date: August 31, 2022 (India)
Director: R. Ajay Gnanamuthu

RRR
2022 ‧ Action/Drama ‧ 3h 7m
A fearless revolutionary and an officer in the British force, who once shared a deep bond, decide to join forces and chart out an inspirational path of freedom against the despotic rulers.
Initial release: March 24, 2022
Director: S. S. Rajamouli

The Batman
2022 ‧ Action/Adventure ‧ 2h 56m
Google users
Batman is called to intervene when the mayor of Gotham City is murdered. Soon, his investigation leads him to uncover a web of corruption, linked to his own dark past.
Release date: March 4, 2022 (USA)
Director: Matt Reeves

Don
2022 ‧ Action/Drama ‧ 2h 45m
A man reminisces his good old college days and thinks about how he managed to find his purpose and get his life together.
Release date: May 13, 2022 (India)
Director: Cibi Chakaravarthi

Jai Bhim
2021 ‧ Crime/Legal drama ‧ 2h 45m
Google users
A brave activist-lawyer fights for justice when a poor tribal man, who gets falsely accused of robbery, goes missing from the police custody.
Initial release: November 2, 2021
Director: TJ Gnanavel

Spider-Man: No Way Home
2021 ‧ Action/Adventure ‧ 2h 28m
Spider-Man seeks the help of Doctor Strange to forget his exposed secret identity as Peter Parker. However, Strange's spell goes horribly wrong, leading to unwanted guests entering their universe.
Release date: December 17, 2021 (USA)
Director: Jon Watts

K.G.F: Chapter 2
2022 ‧ Action/Drama ‧ 2h 48m
Rocky takes control of the Kolar Gold Fields and his newfound power makes the government as well as his enemies jittery. However, he still has to confront Ramika, Adheera and Inayat.
Release date: April 14, 2022 (India)
Director: Prashanth Neel


Soorarai Pottru
2020 ‧ Action/Drama

Master
2021 ‧ Action/Thriller



